Create a simulation of a simple top-down car racing game in which the car constantly drives on an endless, vertically scrolling track. The game has two modes - obstacles on and obstacles off. In both modes there is random wheel slippage, random drift, etc., so the car does not remain driving in a straight line without external control. Obstacles are other (slower) cars, rendered with a different color/appearance so they are visually distinct from the main car.

The environment should be rendered, but kept simplistic, and coded in a similar manner as the OpenAI Gymnasium environments, using "state", "action", "reward", etc.:
1) The state in the obstacles-off mode is just the current car heading angle.
2) The state in the obstacles-on mode is an array containing the current car heading angle and the current angles to each of the obstacles currently visible in frame.
3) The reward is the distance traveled. The episode ends if the car collides with the sides of the lane, or with an obstacle in the obstacles-on mode. In case of collision, give a negative reward as a penalty.

The simulation should have the following:
1) The simulation opens with a screen providing three choices (manual control, PID control and reinforcement learning control) plus a toggle for obstacles on/off.
2) With manual control, the user can steer the car using the keyboard.
3) With PID control, a PID controller is used, and the user can tweak the P, I and D gains using three sliders. For the obstacles-off mode, PID control just tries to keep the car driving forward and in the middle of the lane. For the obstacles-on mode, the desired heading angle is calculated based on the angles of the currently visible obstacles.
4) With RL control, an RL agent is trained using stable baselines. The user can fine tune the training hyperparameters before launching the training. Once a model is trained, it is saved as a checkpoint. The next time the user runs the simulation, the user can choose to use the trained model or train a new model.

When creating the simulation, make sure each of these control algorithms are implemented in their own respective functions, in a separate file. Make a Jupyter notebook that also contains these functions, in which the functions are left blank, and the algorithms are not implemented. Create Markdown cells in this notebook that explain briefly how these algorithms work and gives instructions on how to implement them. The actual implementation is left as an exercise to the reader. Create a solution notebook with the implemented functions. Add a script to the notebook that exports the coded functions into the .py file used by the simulation. Once the reader is done coding the functions, they can run this cell to generate the .py file, then run the simulation to test how their algorithm runs in their simulation. Structure the repository similarly to the inverted-pendulum-control repository.
